Bugfix/documentation (#338)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/workflows/data_sources.rst

        latent_variables = [],
        training_data = data_source
    )

  Note that the descriptor keys above are the headers of the *variable* not the column in the table.

>   The last term in the column header corresponds to a projection of a Value type into something that can be displayed in a cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The last term in the column header is a suffix associated with the specific column definition rather than the variable.
  It should be omitted from the descriptor key.
```
